Now that we have the arms and the hands in the general size we want them to be let's do a little bit
of house cleaning and split them out and give them each a name.
So if we select this we can see that we've got the mirror are still on it.
Let's take away that mirror modifier for the time being just so we can go in and separate these pieces.
I think what we need to do is separate the pieces for the upper arm and then the lower arm and then
the hand and we'll also split the fingers out into individual objects as well.
So for the upper arm let's tab into edit mode and then let's go ahead and select this upper arm with
the L key hover over an edge and press l and then I'll do the same thing up here for the sphere.
We'll just press l there and that will select just that part of the object.
Let's now press the P key and separated out by selection.
And now that is its own object.
It's tab back into object mode.
De-select everything.
Now if we select this new object we can call this upper arm underscore l the naming convention may change.
But let's give that a try.
Then I'll select the original object again and tab into edit mode.
And this time I'll hover over the lower arm and then also the elbow.
And then I'll press the P key and separate by selection tab back into object mode select that new object
and let's call this lower arm.
Underscore L.
Now for the hands this portion here will need to be its own object so let's tab into edit mode.
Hover over this press the L key.
And now let's press P and separate that out.
We can call this I'll select it and we can call this hand underscore.
Now for these pieces the fingers pose an interesting challenge.
We need to separate these out individually and we need to do it in such a way that we'll be able to
rig the fingers and animate them in the future.
So if we tap into Edit Mode what we can do is select say this piece this piece this piece and this piece
with the L key and that will be one object.
So I'll hit P and separate that object out tab back into object mode and select that and let's call
this.
We're going to call this thumb three because we're going to say that this is the first joint second
joint third joint.
So let's call this from three underscore Al.
There we go select the next one.
Select that object.
Hover over this.
Select these three with the L key like that.
Press the P key split that out tab back into object mode and let's give this a name to.
This will be Thum to underscore L and then this piece right here.
We'll hit the L key for that.
Separate it out.
Select it individually and we'll call this thumb one underscore.
Well here we go.
Now we can go through and begin doing that for the rest of the fingers so I'll hover here here here
and here pressing the L key and begin again with the index finger middle and Pinky.
So I'll work on that before the next video where we will work on adding more loops and smoothing our
objects.